fix typo: 'git filter-repo' -> 'git-filter-repo' (#22060)
github/docs: content/get-started/using-git/splitting-a-subfolder-out-into-a-new-repository.md

   $ cd REPOSITORY-NAME
   ```

> 5. To filter out the subfolder from the rest of the files in the repository, run [`git-filter-repo`](https://github.com/newren/git-filter-repo), supplying this information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. To filter out the subfolder from the rest of the files in the repository, install [`git-filter-repo`](https://github.com/newren/git-filter-repo), then run `git filter-repo` with the following arguments.
```

   {% endwindows %}
  
   ```shell

>    $ git-filter-repo --path FOLDER-NAME1/ --path FOLDER-NAME2/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   $ git filter-repo --path FOLDER-NAME1/ --path FOLDER-NAME2/
```
